[DSM] Add link text to DSM to each core DSM integration so that DSM shows up on the website (#19854)
DataDog/integrations-core: amazon_msk/README.md

You can collect metrics from this integration in two ways-with the [Datadog Agent](#setup) or with a [Crawler][18] that collects metrics from CloudWatch. 

> To get more out of your MSK integration, including visualizing your pipelines and tracking lag through the pipeline to root out bottlenecks, consider [Data Streams Monitoring][20].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider [Data Streams Monitoring][20] to enhance your MSK integration. This solution enables pipeline visualization and lag tracking, helping you identify and resolve bottlenecks.
```
